README.md, before:

# Web3 Extended Tutorial - Multiverse Albums

Based on [Fireship's Excellent NFT Tutorial](https://fireship.io/lessons/web3-solidity-hardhat-react-tutorial/)

The demo contains a basic web3 app and smart contract for minting NFTs.

- See it in action in the [Web3 NFT Tutorial](https://youtu.be/meTpMP0J5E8) on YouTube.
- Follow the full [Web3 Tutorial](https://fireship.io/lessons/web3-solidity-hardhat-react-tutorial) on Fireship.

## Usage

Prerequisites

- For MetaMask: Enable Settings > Advanced > "Show test networks"

```bash
git clone <this-repo>
npm install

# Copy the env example
cp .env.example .env

# terminal 1
npm run set-up-hardhat

# terminal 2
npm run deploy-local-network

# Copy the returned Contract Address into your VITE_CONTRACT_ADDRESS in the .env file you created earlier

# terminal 3 
npm run dev
```

Update the deployed contract address in `compoonents/Home.js` 


## Nonce too high

This means you need to reset MetaMask test account
https://medium.com/@thelasthash/solved-nonce-too-high-error-with-metamask-and-hardhat-adc66f092cd

Commit message:

Add Vercel Deploy instructions and button

README.md, after:

# Web3 Extended Tutorial - Multiverse Albums

Based on [Fireship's Excellent NFT Tutorial](https://fireship.io/lessons/web3-solidity-hardhat-react-tutorial/)

The demo contains a basic web3 app and smart contract for minting NFTs.

- See it in action in the [Web3 NFT Tutorial](https://youtu.be/meTpMP0J5E8) on YouTube.
- Follow the full [Web3 Tutorial](https://fireship.io/lessons/web3-solidity-hardhat-react-tutorial) on Fireship.

## Usage

Prerequisites

- For MetaMask: Enable Settings > Advanced > "Show test networks"

```bash
git clone <this-repo>
npm install

# Copy the env example
cp .env.example .env

# terminal 1
npm run set-up-hardhat

# terminal 2
npm run deploy-local-network

# Copy the returned Contract Address into your VITE_CONTRACT_ADDRESS in the .env file you created earlier

# terminal 3 
npm run dev
```

Once you have a publicly working contract address you can deploy the site live with `npm run deploy-vercel` or by clicking the button below.
[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2FThatGuySam%2Finfinite-nfts-on-vercel-with-react)


## Nonce too high

This means you need to reset MetaMask test account
https://medium.com/@thelasthash/solved-nonce-too-high-error-with-metamask-and-hardhat-adc66f092cd
